Excel Assignment – 17

1.  What are modules in VBA and describe in detail the importance of creating a module?
--> Code Modules allow us to store regular macros (sub-procedures) and functions (User Defined Functions, UDFs). This is the typical place we start
    writing and storing our macros. The macro recorder also creates code in a code module.
    The modules are contained within a VBA Project and when the file is saved –
    by it an Excel workbook, Word document, or Access database, module or
    modules are saved within that file – that file is essentially the parent application of the module.

2.  What is Class Module and what is the difference between a Class Module and a Module?
--> Class module in VBA can be defined as the module that helps to create our
    own objects with our own properties and methods like worksheets and range objectives of excel.
    A class is a type. We can use this type like any other type (String, Integer, Date,
    File Info ...) to declare variables, parameters, properties, and function return
    types. Whereas modules are static. I.e., Data stored in a module exists exactly once.

3.  What are the Procedures? What are a Function Procedure and a Property Procedure?
--> A procedure is a block of Visual Basic statements enclosed by a declaration statement (Function, Sub, Operator, Get, Set) and a
    matching End declaration. All executable statements in Visual Basic must be within some procedure.
    A Function procedure is a series of Visual Basic statements enclosed by the Function and End Function statements. The Function procedure performs
    a task and then returns control to the calling code. When it returns control, it
    also returns a value to the calling code.
    A property procedure is a series of Visual Basic statements that manipulate a custom property on a module, class, or structure. Property procedures are also
    known as property accessors.
    A Get procedure returns the value of a property. It is called when you access
    the property in an expression.
    A Set procedure sets a property to a value, including an object reference. It is called when you assign a value to the property.

4.   What is a sub-procedure and what are all the parts of a subprocedure and when are they used?
 --> A Sub procedure is a series of Visual Basic statements enclosed by
     the Sub and End Sub statements. The Sub procedure performs a task and then
     returns control to the calling code, but it does not return a value to the calling code.
     Each time the procedure is called, its statements are executed, starting with the first executable statement after the Sub statement and ending with the
     first End Sub, Exit Sub, or Return statement encountered.

5.  How do you add comments in a VBA code? How do you add multiple lines of comments in a VBA code?
--> The comment symbol: Apostrophe', or “REM,” must be used on each line if the
    comments require more than one line. By default, the comments appear green
    in the code window.
    insert, click on the line where you want to insert the comment. After that, type an APOSTROPHE using your keyboard key.
    Next, type the comment that you want to add to the code. In the end, hit enter to move to the new line and the comment will turn green.