Excel Assignment - 9

1.  What are the different margin options, and do we adjust the margins of the excel worksheet?
--> To use predefined margins are Normal, Wide, or Narrow.
    To specify the page margin tab, click Custom Margins, and then—in the Top,
    Bottom, Left, header, footer, and Right boxes—enter the margin sizes that
    want to change.

2.  Set a background for your table created.
--> Select the cell or range of cells you want to format.
    Click Home > Format Cells dialog launcher, or press Ctrl+Shift+F.
    On the Fill tab, under Background Color, pick the color you want.

 3. What are freeze panes and why do we use freeze panes? Give examples.
--> To keep an area of a worksheet visible while you scroll to another area of the
    worksheet, go to the View tab, where you can Freeze Panes to lock specific
    rows and columns in place, or you can Split panes to create separate
    windows of the same worksheet.

4.  What are the different features available within the Freeze Panes command?
--> Freeze Pane shows three options in the drop-down:
    Freeze Panes: It freezes the rows as well as the columns.
    Freeze Top Row: It freezes all the rows above the active cell.
    Freeze First Column: It freezes all the columns to the left of the active cell.

5.  Explain what the different sheet options present in excel are and what they do?
--> An Excel sheet is one of the core elements of the workbook, there are
    multiple core options to perform from the Sheet Options. We can access
    various sheet options by using the following ways:
    Ribbon Sheet Options
    Right-click Sheet Options
    Sheet options are present on the Excel ribbon and can be accessed by going
    to Page Layout  Sheet Options. It mainly has four toggle options: two
    for Gridlines and two for Headings, and they can be turned on and off by
    selecting and deselecting the checkboxes.

    Gridlines:
    View: This option allows users to show/ hide gridlines within the active
          worksheet. Turning off this option removes the gridlines from the sheet
          and displays a blank Excel sheet.

   Print: This option allows users to show/ hide gridlines on an Excel
          document that will be printed on paper.

   Headings:
   View:  This option allows users to show/ hide headings within the active
          worksheet. Turning off this option removes the headings from the current
          sheet's headers and footers.

   Print: This option allows users to show/ hide headings on an Excel
          document, which is to be printed on paper.
          In Excel, the right-click with the mouse button usually displays the context
          menu for the selected element.
   
   When pressing the right-click on any Sheet tabs, Excel displays a list of
   options relevant to Excel sheets. The list includes various sheet options.
   However, this list is usually called the 'worksheet menu'.