Excel Assignment - 16
1. What is a Macro? How is it useful in excel or in your daily work?
--> A macro is a set of instructions used to execute repetitive tasks. We can record
    a set of commands and then play them back with one or two keystrokes. That
    means that we can save a lot of time when doing routine and repetitive tasks.
    A macro is an action or a set of actions that we can run as many times as we
    want. When you create a macro, you are recording your mouse clicks and keystrokes.

2. What is VBA? Write its full form and briefly explain why VBA is used in excel.
--> Visual Basic for Applications is a computer programming language developed
    and owned by Microsoft.
    With VBA we can create macros to automate repetitive word- and dataprocessing functions, and generate custom forms, graphs, and reports. 
    It is a human-readable and editable programming code that gets generated
    when you record a macro.

3. How do you record a macro? Write detailed steps to create
   a macro to automatically make the following table in bold and
   to create borders for it in excel.
   hi 78
   hello 69
   ineuron 45
-->Macros and VBA tools can be found on the Developer tab, which is hidden by
   default, so the first step is to enable it by clicking on a custom ribbon. In
   the Code group on the Developer tab, click Record Macro.
   Optionally, enter a name for the macro in the Macro name box, enter a shortcut
   key in the Shortcut key box, and a description in the Description box, and then
   click OK to start recording.
   Perform the actions you want to automate, such as entering boilerplate text or
   filling down a column of data. On the Developer tab, click Stop Recording.
   To edit a macro, in the Code group on the Developer tab, click Macros, select
   the name of the macro, and click Edit. This starts with the Visual Basic Editor
   then, close the Visual Basic Editor and run your macro again, it will automatics
   do a task.